only eight dead Christmas my doctor said
to me eggs all the boys seven sorcery
sugars separately tuchus lunch too
chichi on paws on the ninth day grease
there's my NASA said to me no baloney
hate all the pies seven saucy Steelers
sex plenty truckers run straight lines -
Chi Chi numbers at the end cg o 10/10
Christmas - I said to me channels he
witnessed Nigel Bologna ate all the pies
seven saucy shameless sex with a Junkers
Oh more run straight crowd likes to
cheat cheat on puss Oh on the eleventh
day of Christmas my dad said to me in
heaven big players channel Z wickets
super watery H all the pies seven saucy
Sheila's sex flatly chuckers run
straight from lunch to cheating on bars
oh yes cg.o twelve damn Christmas my
last sent to me twelve weeks of drinking
eleven bit players channels e wickets
night show baloney and roll the boys
seven saucy Sheila's sex flatly truckers
nice to GT numbers
is CG